Vectorizer naming update (#158)
timescale/pgai: docs/vectorizer-quick-start.md

# Vectorizer quick start

This page shows you how to create a vectorizer in a self-hosted Postgres instance, then use 
the pgai vectorizer worker to create embeddings from data in your database. To finish off we show how simple it is to do a semantic search query on the embedded data in one query!

## Prerequisites

To follow the steps in this page, you need to:
- [Create a local developer environment](/docs/vectorizer-worker.md#install-the-timescaledb-ha-docker-image)

> ## Create, run and query a vectorizer

Author: Updated. Thanks.

# Vectorizer quick start

> This page shows you how to create a vectorizer in a self-hosted Postgres instance, then use 
> a pgai vectorizer worker to create embeddings from data in your database. You view the 
> embeddings with a standard SQL query. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page shows you how to create a vectorizer in a self-hosted Postgres instance, then use 
the pgai vectorizer worker to create embeddings from data in your database. To finish off we show how simple it is to do a semantic search query on the embedded data in one query!
```

Viewing the embeddings is kinda lame, we actually do semantic search which is imo the aha effect of this guide.

## Prerequisites

To follow the steps in this page, you need to:

> - [Create a local developer environment](/docs/vectorizer-worker.md#install-the-timescaledb-ha-docker-image)

Reviewer: Not a big fan of making people jump around different pages so much. I liked it more when the compose was in here. I also think the compose should not be used for anything else, its way too minimal for production use so having it in a more general file is just confusing.

Author: I am in 2 minds. I agree that having all in one place for a quickstart is easier. However, you get different instructions and then there is no consistent way of working. For example, the docker image is the standard Timescale dev environment, and the install guide is here: https://docs.timescale.com/self-hosted/latest/install/installation-docker/. 

In terms of this repo I would prefer a single source of truth and have all install guides here: https://github.com/timescale/pgai/blob/vectorizer-naming-update/README.md#installation.

Author: I've put the dev env back in the quickstart. The words didn't quite work in the run page.

## Create, run and query a vectorizer

1. **Connection to the database in your local developer environment**

   - Docker: `docker exec -it pgai-db-1 psql -U postgres`
   - psql:  `psql postgres://postgres:postgres@localhost:5432/postgres`

1. **Enable pgai on your database**

    ```sql
    CREATE EXTENSION IF NOT EXISTS ai CASCADE;
    ```

> 1. **Create the `blog` table with the following schema**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Create a `blog` table with the following schema**
```

     ✔ 38e39325ccaf Pull complete                                                                                                                                        6.5s 
     ✔ 8d50dded1d76 Pull complete                                                                                                                                        6.5s 
     ✔ 5a73fecc1c3f Pull complete                                                                                                                                        6.5s 
     ✔ 03f1e7e22d43 Pull complete                                                                                                                                       20.0s 
     ✔ 33c61f413670 Pull complete                                                                                                                                       20.0s 
     ✔ dc491244f87c Pull complete                                                                                                                                       20.0s 
     [+] Running 1/1
     [+] Running 1/2ai-vectorizer-worker-1  

>     ```

Reviewer: Is this shell output relevant? We don't have it for starting the db container, I think it just bloats the tutorial a bit.
As a user I might skim through the steps of such a quick start and if it looks to complicated I just wont do it. I think having a lot of console output contributes to that.

Author: Removed

1. **Check the vectorizer worker logs** 
   ```shell
   docker-compose logs -f vectorizer-worker
   ```

   You see the vectorizer worker pick up the table and process it.
   ```shell
    vectorizer-worker-1  | 2024-10-23 12:56:36 [info     ] running vectorizer             vectorizer_id=1
    ```
   
    To see the status of your vectorizer queue, use the following query 
    `select ai.vectorizer_queue_pending(1) \watch`. To see the the database logs run 

>     `docker-compose logs -f db`. 

Reviewer: Imo not relevant, same argument as previous comment. It just delays the aha effect of the next step.

Author: Removed
